Document for Restaurant Scraper Code

1. Requirements:

seleniumwire: A library for handling browser automation with enhanced network capabilities.
json: A standard Python library for JSON encoding and decoding.
gzip: A module for working with GZIP compressed files.
time: A standard Python library for time-related functions.


2. Imports Used:

python
Copy code
from seleniumwire import webdriver
from selenium.webdriver.common.by import By
from selenium.webdriver.common.keys import Keys
from selenium.webdriver.chrome.options import Options
import json
import gzip
import time

3. Description:
The provided Python script is a web scraper using SeleniumWire to extract information about restaurants from the GrabFood website. Here's a brief overview of the script:

Class: RestaurantScraper

Attributes:

location_to_search: Represents the location for restaurant search.
output_file: Represents the name of the output file for storing scraped data.
Methods:

__init__(self, location_to_search): Initializes the scraper with the specified location and sets the output file name based on the location.
slow_scroll_to_bottom(self, driver): Gradually scrolls to the bottom of the webpage with a delay.
scrape_restaurant_data(self, driver): Scrapes restaurant data by monitoring network requests and extracting relevant information.
run_scraper(self): Configures SeleniumWire with Chrome, performs a restaurant search, scrolls to the bottom, and scrapes data, saving it to a file.
Function: main()

Executes the scraper for multiple locations.
Execution:

The script initiates a Chrome browser using SeleniumWire with specific options to handle SSL verification issues.
Searches for restaurants in the provided locations on the GrabFood website.
Scrolls through the page to load additional content.
Extracts restaurant data from network requests and saves it to a newline-delimited JSON (NDJSON) file.
Output:

The script generates NDJSON files containing information about restaurants, including ID, name, location, estimated delivery time, cuisine, and promotional offers.
Usage:

Execute the script with Python, and it will scrape and save restaurant data for the specified locations.
